hello and welcome back to 10 minute
movies where we take cinematic
masterpieces and more often disasters
and spliced them down into short videos
today we're taking a look at the second
film in the James Bond franchise From
Russia With Love the film was released
in 1963 just a year after the first
movie dr. no doctor no was so successful
that the production company doubled the
budget for From Russia With Love
this led to in my opinion our much more
varied and exciting sequel like dr. know
it too was directed by Terrence young
and it also currently holds a 95 percent
score on Rotten Tomatoes so without
further ado let's get into the plot the
film starts with the familiar gun barrel
sequence before we're thrown into the
apparent murder of James Bond this turns
out to be a Spectre training exercise
involving assassin donald red grant and
a man in a Bond Mars Spectre out for
revenge after the death of dr. know in
Jamaica are preparing an elaborate
mission to assassinate Bond spectres
chief planner chess grandmaster cron
Steen devises a brilliant plan to lure
James to his death spectres chief
executive number one puts Rosa Klebb a
former Soviet intelligence colonel in
charge of the mission the plan is as
follows Rosa Klebb intends to lure bond
to Istanbul by promising the British
Secret Service elect a cryptography
device this is basically an advanced
decoder owned by the Russians
meaning the plan involves playing
British and Soviet intelligence against
each other
to do this club recruits Tatiana
Romanova a cipher clerk at the Soviet
consulate in Istanbul who believes cleb
is still working for the Soviet
government club also chooses red grant
the assassin from the beginning to
protect bond until he acquires the
Lecter then grant is to kill him and
steal the machine for Spectre so they
can sell it back to the Russians
in London the head of the Secret Service
M informs bond that a Russian cipher
Clark has contacted station T and Turkey
offering to defect with a top secret
letter on the condition that James Bond
handles her case personally M deduces
that it's a trap but decides the chance
of obtaining elector is worth the risk
before being sent to Istanbul however
Bond meets Q mi6 is weapons Master Q
gives Bond an attache case with a
concealed throwing knife fifty gold
sovereigns a teargas booby trap and a
sniper rifle then Bond flies to Istanbul
there he's taken to meet head of station
teeth Karim Bane on the way his car is
tailed by Bulgarian agents working for
Russia this is known about by station t
however they follow us we follow their
major sort of understandingly her bond
is taken to Korean Bay and the two
discussed the case outside red Grant
steals the Bulgarian car and kills the
driver before delivering the car to the
Soviet consulate the Soviets believe it
was the British and station T who killed
their driver so in retaliation they bomb
Koreans office with a limpet mine but
thankfully he's on her
Kareem takes bond to spy on a Soviet
consulate through a periscope in the
aqueducts beneath Istanbul and the to
learn that the Soviets were indeed
responsible for the bombing fearing for
his life
Korean takes bond to a rural gypsy
settlement to lay low
whilst there he is attacked by a group
of Russian led Bulgarians in the ensuing
battle grant fulfills his duty in
keeping bond alive by saving him from a
sniper shot the fight is eventually won
by the gypsies and bond and Kareem stay
the night at the settlement the next
evening bond finds Romanova in his hotel
room and they have sex unbeknownst to
either of them is the spectre film the
entire thing the following day where
monitor brings the Consulate floor plans
to the Hagia Sophia where she gives them
to bond using the plans bond and Kareem
steal the Lecter from the Khan
then bond Romanova and kareem escape
aboard the Orient Express however a
Soviet security officer named Benz
tails them onto the train this forces
bond and Kareem to apprehend him in one
of the trains cabins bond leaves Kareem
with the man and while he's gone
grant kills both Kareem and Ben's bond
returns to find the two dead and
presumes that the two fought each other
to death
incidentally the death of Kareem also
prevents bond from rendezvous with one
of Koreans men who would have taken them
all to safety because of this bond Umrah
manav are forced to continue on to
belgrade at the station bond passes word
of Kareem's death to his son and asked
for an agent from station white to meet
him at zagreb at zagreb the agent called
captain nash boards the train and
attempts to find bond however grant
kills nash and decides to pose as the
agent he then meets with bond for dinner
during the meal he spikes rahman of his
drink
the trio head back to a cabin where a
man of her passes out bond confronts
grant who in turn overpowers him when he
awakens grant taunts bond by telling him
that yeah isn't she working for Spectre
- no I think she's doing it all for
Mother Russia grant then reveals the
rest of Spector's plan having kept bond
alive long enough to bring spec to the
Lecter grant can now kill bond he then
plans to leave the compromising film of
bond and ramon over with a blackmail
letter staging their deaths as a murder
suicide in order to scandalize the
British Secret Service as a dying man's
request bond asks for a cigarette
he tricks granted - opening the
booby-trapped case setting off the tear
gas bomb grant is distracted allowing
bond to jump him the two fight
but eventually thanks to the concealed
knife in the case
bond is able to kill warrant realizing
that grant must have had a getaway bond
Umrah manova leaved the train when it
unexpectedly stops sure enough there's a
getaway truck waiting intended for grant
bond kills the driver and here in Romano
roughly the scene on their way back to
safety following grants escape route
bond and Romano var attacked by a
spectre helicopter bond manages to
destroy the helicopter though using his
rifle
[Music]
Veon Romanova then steal a boat on the
croatian coast and head towards Italy as
they leave they're pursued by a squadron
of Spectre power boats they shoot to
ponder mermen over but bond releases and
then detonates his own power boats fuel
drums with a flare gun which engulfs the
pursuers in a sea of flames having
arrived in Venice Banda Ramon of a
Reacher hotel there they are attacked by
Clem disguised as a maid she tries to
kill bond with a poison tip switch rate
shoot but Ramon of a suit sir finally
breaking her allegiance with Russia
having accomplished their mission bond
and Ramon over depart on a romantic boat
ride the screen fades to black as bond
and Ramon of a kiss and BOM throws the
compromising microfilm into the Venice
canal thank you so much for watching 10
minute movies if you'd enjoy this then
please subscribe for more videos like it
and I'll see you all later